haha yes anyway anyway sorry guys I
really want to play about I'm under the
weather right now all right so anyway
Tom Brady Tom Brady versus a dragon god
whoa oh nice she was in rockville there
and like you know Jenga noses match I
played them hambre sup man is better
than mine but you have an idea about
what to do it's off the man who knows
what you to jump the news you're jumping
just go die kick she has a hard time
stopping it although Tom really punish
that divers there oh I was very very
nice you punish your muscles too well Oh
ooh nice he caught on like harden with
the French I from pressing buttons and
you got the combo nice oh it's gonna be
good it's gonna be good oh he's not
telling yet I take it he's getting out
now and easily interactable he meet a
burned it twice so I hit him twice he's
still not dead here's the calm good luck
just kill him he's actually traded
mediately me anything we try to mediate
get in there 30 hits up the time came
olinka what are you doing oh we do
alright uh yeah he's telling her that he
said excited or damaged doing more than
up damage he's back it's even now even
he's trying to do like the back three
and cast off and trap you know what's
the free track i'll press a button
lincoln pictures happy tree o.o readies
gonna waitress even even gonna be even
again but it all kind of bed at all
looking at our that was smart by tom cuz
I be when I did I drank I want to put a
stop on kill them so now you gotta play
the long distance game again did you
unblock afraid yeah you sell the trace
hitting him Oh much much my Tom moody
look at that smile Lincoln head all
right good shit anyway guys I'm sorry I
really wanted to play in this tournament
hi the faucet uh-huh my bad the next
time hopefully I'll be better and like
you know like I'll play go one of them
or like to stage all because it's very
unusual as no transitions not only is
there no transitions um there's very few
interactable except in the corner though
the corner interactable czar good cuz
you can meet a beretta knows you know
it's a pretty clean stage nice use of
the traits and the trait will hit even
off block port here and there's no hits
done or blocks done either I think the
tree it right now is kind of broken and
that's frame advance what he's doing
good use the interactive all that again
stuff out of the pressure he knew that
was free well I leave some black adam
phrase doesn't allow him to like trouble
but i'll be even warmer over I mean
everybody has broken stuff in this game
Greg notch on for the long distance game
yep good stop me now yes lucy's the show
you need to chill out John Lincoln chill
out Peter you went into don't wish this
to do what you're doing well look at the
plane can't stop that he can't stop
right now he's gonna plan to punish he's
keep doing the Thunderbolts always you
ever stop doing that keep doing it yes
yes yeah don't you promote these Charlie
get closer every block yeah yeah holds
me to work with he's getting desperate
now we can use to run away tell you look
he's my student so I have to move for
him you know yeah injustice yes we're
gonna yeah nice by tom oh don't realize
for the pleasurable all right um dragon
gosh so a great position to take this
he's activate trait now like right now
or have to eat it like what you want
Rokan we won't ever gonna go God tenant
I don't know why is that it's so good
y'all legging out of that baby CPR done
you were choking hey I mean like I mean
like I'm not gonna yelps I don't want to
give me I don't want to make it like an
unfair fight but yeah he really nice
okay yeah every bite so good but yeah I
mean shouts of Tom like you know Tom you
know I've almost spectra Tom Brady or
even greater force knowledge a great
player but he's a huge staunch supporter
wall no no games anyway I didn't think
he knows he's doing interact below any
network and I still goes all the way
through but he has I bet it don't get
flustered Lincoln don't bustard
Dahlia nochmal she thought you you
should have psychic that him notice the
hip-hop so it's not like you're looking
so husband I want trade there you go
nice just there you go good stop talking
yes like in town I got the advantage now
if we got three meters he could keep
burnet stuff yeah and that blows up
jumps good stop pushing back as his face
keep the space going way to your trade
refills and when it gets close to it
again do it right now right now about
that low and you know better Lincoln
it's okay it's not that much damage Tom
did burn a lot of meteor oh you got
caught like islands that Lyndon we
already belongs already class setup Oh
big trouble oh he dropped it and gets
punished instead he needs to burst and
now this is a neutral person Tom's gonna
bet it all yeah so we'll dragon god
anybody's ganas game is so high yeah I
love injustice well no in a corner when
he's known that back to three heat you
really just do down to a trait yeah yeah
got it down one down one truth don't you
free popcorn or girl yeah that's true
but like I'm saying like all below awful
oh yeah he's have any rose oh nice you
can stop by chicken lickin and tom is
using me for interactive very very smart
very very smart interactable blew it up
you're talking to Tommy cuz I pretty
good right yeah that's know everything
right yeah yo band testers it was an
amazing amazing match from both guys
don't you guys enjoyed it justice video
injustice let's go
then all the Tuscan Sun yeah i'll add a
mad height I would've won this
tournament ottimo no Chris gene ya gotov
been no Tom Brady no Arturo sorry art
that's okay i forfeited like i'm so
hyped now it's not to worry about
playing also okay i just want this is
talk hey we got a doomsday on deck